Hi everybody and welcome back this quick lecture we're gonna look at how to get a function in an alias.
So why would we want to give a function an alias.
Well what happens if the name of your function that you're importing into your main program conflicts
with an existing name or if the function name is simply too long.
Well when this happens you can use an alias so that you can see I have my code my two programs open
from the last lecture and what I'm going to do is I'm going to reduce this down.
So I'm just gonna remove these two lines here and then I'm gonna remove the function book description
from our import here.
And what you do to create an alias is we can leave this import books available.
So from our module books or buy import books available and it's books available which is the function
name from over here as you can see books available or function name.
So I'm going to make this an alias as B.A so be a sure for books available obviously then we just change
our function name here to B.A. and we run it and see what happens.
There we go works just as well.
So here what we've done is we've given a box available function which are calling from our module books
to buy.
We're giving books available to function an alias.
And then instead and then in our code instead of calling books available with the argument.
Elon Musk We just say.
And a program works just as well let's just delete that and run it again.
There we go.
Elon Musk let's change it just remove any doubts The Everything Store.
This our first function the following tightness of the by The Everything Store.
So all you can say see aces can be very helpful if you have conflicting names or if your function names
are too long for your program.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.